---
layout: bb_blog_post
author: Sampat
permalink: /blog/more-money-badminton-academy
title: Want to Generate More Income From Your Badminton Academy?
excerpt: Here are various source of income and offerings to generate more revenue
date: 2023-10-04
image: /assets/img/blog/new-revenue.png
imagealt: Badminton income
tags: revenue academy-tips
categories: blog
position: featured
---
{% include h-seperator.html %}

If you own a multi-courts badminton academy and looking to optimize the revenue generated by the center, then this list is for you:

Let’s divide the income sources into following 2 groups:

**Main income** (this is why people visit your badminton center — to play)
<br>    
**Additional income** (now the people are at the center, what else are they looking for)

{% include h-seperator.html %}

#### Main Income
Main income for a badminton academy comes from majorly 3 areas:

###### Coaching
Coaching is where you train the kids/adults and help them learn badminton skills. For the most part, coaching is focused on children and teenagers and a few academies also have a separate batch for working professionals or badminton enthusiasts/hobbyists.

###### Membership
Membership is where you allocate a slot (a particular time/day) for players (i.e. members) to come and play. It’s more like renting out the court for a fixed period of time (in advance and bulk booking).

###### Pay and Play
These are players/badminton enthusiasts who book the courts on an hourly basis and walk-in to play.

{% include h-seperator.html %}
{% include promo-box.html %}
{% include h-seperator.html %}
#### Additional Income
These additional incomes works well if you have a dedicated person to look after the academy (manager or a front desk person) and is available all the time.

###### Badminton accessories
One of the most sold things under this category are shuttles. Most academies carry shuttles for sale. Other accessories which are a needed while playing are socks, sweatbands etc.

###### Shoe/Racket rentals
Many players come to play for leisure, and might not own a badminton racket/shoes. This is also applicable if there are corporate tournaments been conducted at your center and participants would need a racket/shoes for participation.

###### Water bottles/Juices
A refrigerator with water bottles, juices and may be some light snacks like energy bars

###### Stringing service
If you have expertise and have budget to buy a stringing machine this is one of the most required service and would be a potential additional income source for your academy



{%include also-read.html text='Tracking your academy income and expenses' url='/blog/tracking-academy-income' %}


{% include h-seperator.html %}
